Welcome, everyone. In this video,
we'll be going over the code for the mnist API project.
And let's just jump into my computer here,
and we'll see the three files that we needed for this project.
So, the first file here is, essentially,
taking the mnist data and taking a machine learning model and training it,
so that we can output train model that we can actually use to predict some numbers.
So, this is just some example code
that they have on the tensorflow website that I can modified.
The main thing is that I saved the weights,
but we'll just go over it real quick.
So, they're just inputting some libraries here.
And then tensorflow is the important one.
Here is how they define the model itself of the neural network.
We won't be going over essentially how this works,
but you can go over your topics and
we will provide in the readings that you can look into.
So, essentially, this is a bunch of
layers that they're combining together to make a neural network.
Some helper functions for them,
and then this is the mouse callback.
This is just an artifact from when we first did this.
But here's the main code that's important.
So, we want to input the mnist data set.
So, just load up the data set, get all those images in.
And you can ignore this.
It's just how tensorflow works is it initializes some variables first.
And here's actually getting the model which will be accessed through y_conv,
and then, this is a bunch of calculations that typed,
that they wanted to use for changing this model.
And here's where it actually trains it.
So, we opened up a tensorflow session.
Now, this is a lot of stuff to just grasp at for now,
but we didn't want to focus on this too much,
but just get a brief overview on this.
But it's really good to just read the documentation,
just how machine learning works to get a good grasp for this.
Basically, for this stuff,
I was just going to give a brief overview again.
This is just opening a tensorflow session,
and they want in it other variables,
and then we just train it for 2000 iterations.
And then, we do a test on that data to see how good it is,
and the main part that we added is saving the model into this file here.
And you can ignore all this.
This is just to help to run the file and some command line arguments.
So that's just an example program that tensorflow has provided as a getting starter code.
So, you don't need to worry about that too much.
The next part is the code that we'll run on the server.
So, in order to use the tensorflow model and predict on a new image,
we need to also load that model up again.
So that's why we have the same functions before,
to find the neural network.
It's the neural network, all the layers,
some of the helper functions.
These do specific things,
but again, there are more in the machine learning category.
Then, here is where we actually do the prediction of the image.
So, we initialize some variables here again, and then we get the model.
And then here, we create a saver object,
so that we can load the weights in,
and you'll see that used here.
Now, in this session, after we initialized all the variables,
and we want to do saver.restore,
which loads the model in and all the weights that we can use it.
And then, for a given image that we have here,
we want to reshape it to the proper shape which is like a 1 by 784 array.
And that's the shape that this model wants.
So, we're just going to feed it that shape and it's going to run it through this,
and give us a classification.
And then, we can get the predicted number from it by
doing the maximum value in that array that it could switch out.
And then, here's the message that we want to send back to the user,
so we want to send what we predicted whatever
and stick their number in there, and return the message.
So here is our web server, so,
so far this has been like tensorflow machine learning.
But here here's our web server for it,
we're using Flask, and basically,
you initialize the Flask app.
And then, you do a route to this,
which is like the base URL,
like google.com, and then slash whatever you want.
So in this case, we're doing slash uploads,
so this would be like google.com slash upload, it's how this would work.
And then, we have the function that will run when it gets called.
So, basically, it will take the image from the request here, and then,
it will save the image as a JPEG file,
and then when it uses open CV to open up that same image again.
And then, we're just going to pass that image to the predict function,
and then, that's going to spit back out whatever it saw.
So, yes, that's just actually how the server works and we're just going to
also go through quickly how the client works.
So for the first part,
it's just importing libraries,
choosing our API end point,
which is the URL of our server,
and that little extra part like slash upload.
So, we just give it as a command line argument, because that could change a lot.
And here is the important part for drawing the image,
we're using open CVs,
open called image callback function so that when the mouse is clicked,
then we'll call, we'll do a function which is wherever the mouse is clicked,
draw a black pixel there.
And then, this is just helping to create that image.
So, we would make an empty image first which is all white,
and we set the mouse callback.
And then here's the four loop for line to the user
just keep drawing on the image until they press escape.
So, just show the image,
resize the window so it's bigger so it's easier for them to see,
and then use cv2.waitKey just to queue the image
on there until they press a specific key which is recognized by this code,
and they press escape.
And the key is actually escape, yes.
And here, we have to invert the image because the model expressed a very specific format.
So, we had to fit to that format.
And we saved the image,
and then here, we reopen the image.
And we read it as base64,
which is just an encoding method for an image.
And we can stick it inside the request through this,
the params, and here,
we actually make the request to the API.
And once the request comes back,
it will hold the request data,
which is just a string, and we print out the response.
So, here, just walking through it again,
we let the user draw an image,
we do some processing on the image,
and then we just let them save the image, and then,
we save it as base64, I mean,
take it out as base64,
and then send a request,
and then print out the response again.
So, just really quick, and yes.
So, this has been a brief overview of the three major parts of this project.
Training the model, setting up the web server with the model,
and then creating a client that can send the proper image to the web API.
So yes, you've learned basically a brief overview how this all worked.
So, be sure to take some of this code, play with it,
and see what you can do and how you can possibly edit it and make it even better.
So yes, stay tuned for the Signhorn for this project,
and have a good day.